# ImageFileOptionVisualizer
A C# .NET WinForm project designed so that Image File Execution Option (IFEO) are easier to view and manage.

This project can also can be used to remove the Avast Cleanup Sleep Mode, and potentially another application that uses the IFEO to control the way your application behaves.

In Avast Cleanup scenario, even when uninstalled, the IFEO policy are still not removed.
Therefore all application that is inside the Avast Sleep Mode will now sleep forever, Until you
removed the IFEO policy manually in registry, or use this application.

----------

# Requirements
- Visual C++ Redistributable (vcredist)
- .NET Framework 4.0 or Higher.
- atleast 20 KB of free disk space
- atleast 5 MB of RAM free space

----------

# Releases : 
Per-version Source codes, Pre-built (ready to use) binary can be downloaded from the :
[Github Releases](https://github.com/TIRTAGT-DEV/ImageFileOptionVisualizer/releases)

----------

# Scan Options

**Scan Only for Avast Cleanup Entries :**

    The application will only display avast related registry entries.
    This is done by looking value of the Debugger key, and check if it contains :
      "Avast Software\\Cleanup"

**Scan all Image Execution Option :**

    The application will only display Image File Execution Option (IFEO) that are
    having atleast an value entry.

**Scan everything :**

    The application will display everything that is a subkey of the Image File Execution Option (IFEO).
    Including a not-enabled, partial-setup IFEO's type.

----------

# Usage Options

**Entry Count : -**

    This lets you easily know the how much IFEO's that matches with the selected rules.

**Refresh List :**

    Refresh the tree view display with entries that matches with the selected rules.

**Reverted Selected :**

    Try to delete the selected IFEO registry (select it, by clicking the entries at the tree view display).

**Revert Anything :**

    Try to delete anything on the Tree View Display.

----------

# First Setup guide
1. [Download Ready Releases](https://github.com/TIRTAGT-DEV/ImageFileOptionVisualizer/releases) or build the source code.

2. Run the application.

3. If you are just want to remove avast effects from your PC : 
   1. Keep the mode on **Scan Only for Avast Cleanup Entries**
   2. Click Revert Anything
   3. Read the warning, and accept it if you agree.
   4. Read all of the messages generated by recursively deleting the app.
   5. Restart your machine.
   6. Your issue that is caused by Avast Cleanup Sleep Mode should be gone.

4. If you just want to manage your IFEO entries, adjust the mode accordingly to suits your needs.

----------

# Project Video 
[Watch video on YouTube](https://youtu.be/3VPaViGnMPU)

----------

# Licenses
[MIT License](https://github.com/TIRTAGT-DEV/ImageFileOptionVisualizer/blob/production/LICENSE)